True terror is to wake up one morning and discover that your high school class is running the country. - Kurt Vonnegut
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much. - Oscar Wilde
Sometimes the road less traveled is less traveled for a reason. - Jerry Seinfeld
Never go to bed mad. Stay up and fight. - Phyllis Diller
If you can't be kind, at least be vague. - Judith Martin
Misers are no fun to live with, but they make great ancestors. - Tom Snyder
The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans is suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're okay, then it's you. - Rita Mae Brown
If you want to know what God thinks of money, just look at the people he gave it to. - Dorothy Parker
Doing nothing is very hard to do. You never know when you're finished. - Leslie Nielsen
When in doubt, look intelligent. - Garrison Keillor
In America, there are two classes of travel-first class and with children. - Robert Benchley
There is no such thing as fun for the whole family. - Jerry Seinfeld
Just be good and kind to your children. Not only are they the future of the world, they're the ones who can sign you into a home. - Dennis Miller
A perfect parent is a person with excellent child-rearing theories and no actual children. - Dave Barry
Instead of getting married again, I'm going to find a woman I don't like and give her a house. - Rod Stewart
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes. - Jim Carrey
If you can give your child only one gift, let it be enthusiasm. - Bruce Barton
If you are not yelling at your kids, you are not spending enough time with them. - Reese Witherspoon
Nobody can do for little children what grandparents do. Grandparents sort of sprinkle stardust over the lives of little children. - Alex Haley
The simplest toy, one which even the youngest child can operate, is called a grandparent. - Sam Levenson
The world is extremely interesting to a joyful soul. - Alexandra Stoddard
Not in doing what you like but in liking what you do is the secret of happiness. - J.M. Barrie
To be without some of the things you want is an indispensable part of happiness. - Bertrand Russell
The older you get the more you realize that kindness is synonymous with happiness. - Lionel Barrymore
Happiness makes up in height for what it lacks in length. - Robert Frost
Anybody who tells you money can't buy happiness never had any. - Samuel L. Jackson
Happiness is good health and a bad memory. - Ingrid Bergman
Happiness is having a large, caring, close-knit family in another city. - George Burns
Don't wait around for other people to be happy for you. Any happiness you get you've got to make yourself. - Alice Walker
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open. - John Barrymore
Every cynic is a sentimentalist under the skin. - Louis L'Amour
Nobody has ever measured, even the poets, how much a heart can hold. - Zelda Fitzgerald
The only thing worse than being talked about is not being talked about. - Oscar Wilde
Man is the only animal that laughs and weeps; for he is the only animal that is struck with the difference between what things are and what they ought to be. - William Hazlitt
Man is the only animal that blushes-or needs to. - Mark Twain
No man who is in a hurry is quite civilized. - Will Durant
I would rather sit on a pumpkin and have it all to myself, than to be crowded on a velvet cushion. - Henry David Thoreau
The best index to a person's character is (a) how he treats people who can't do him any good, and (b) how he treats people who can't fight back. - Abigail Van Buren
I don't know why people are so keen to put the details of their private life in public; they forget that invisibility is a superpower. - Banksy
Morality is only moral when it is voluntary. - Lincoln Steffens
A man always has two reasons for doing anything-a good reason and the real reason. - J. Pierpont Morgan
The holy passion of friendship is of so sweet and steady and loyal and enduring a nature that it will last through a whole lifetime, if not asked to lend money. - Mark Twain
One of the lessons of history is that nothing is often a good thing to do and always a clever thing to say. - Will Durant
It's not necessary to take a person's advice to make him feel good - all you have to do is ask it. - Richard Armour
I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel. - Maya Angelou
There is only one certainty in life and that is that nothing is certain. - G.K. Chesterton
Make it a rule of life never to regret and never to look back. Regret is an appalling waste of energy; you can't build on it; it's only good for wallowing. - Katherine Mansfield
What do we live for if it is not to make life less difficult for each other. - George Eliot
It is a funny thing about life; if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it. - W. Somerset Maugham
There is more to life than increasing its speed. - Mohandas K. Gandhi
You cannot do a kindness too soon, for you never know how soon it will be too late. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Life does not have to be perfect to be wonderful. - Annette Funicello
The beautiful thing about learning is nobody can take it away from you. - B.B. King
My father gave me the best advice of my life. He said, 'Whatever you do, don't wake up at 65 years old and think about what you should have done with your life.' - George Clooney
You only have to do a very few things right in your life - so long as you don't do too many things wrong. - Warren Buffet
Not everything that is faced can be changed. But nothing can be changed until it is faced. - James Baldwin
They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself. - Andy Warhol
The best way to predict the future is to create it. - Peter F. Drucker
In real life, I assure you, there is no such thing as algebra. - Fran Lebowitz
Never keep up with the Joneses. Drag them down to your level. It's cheaper. - Quentin Crisp
Nobody gets to live life backward. Look ahead - that's where your future lies. - Ann Landers
Experience is not what happens to you; it is what you do with what happens to you. - Aldous Huxley
Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is the probable reason why so few engage in it. - Henry Ford
Where all think alike, no one thinks very much. - Walter Lippmann
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. - Mark Twain
Amateurs wait for inspiration. The rest of us just get up and go to work. - Chuck Close
I am only an average man, but, by George, I work harder at it than the average man. - Theodore Roosevelt
If you have a job without any aggravations, you don't have a job. - Malcolm Forbes
Anyone can do any amount of work, provided it isn't the work he is supposed to be doing at that moment. - Robert Benchley
There are no hopeless situations; there are only people who have grown hopeless about them. - Clare Boothe Luce
Pay no attention to what the critics say. A statue has never been erected in honor of a critic. - Jean Sibelius
A problem is a chance for you to do your best. - Duke Ellington
If your ship doesn't come in, swim out to it! - Jonathan Winters
Time you enjoy wasting was not wasted. - John Lennon
Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow; it only saps today of its strength. - A.J. Cronin
If you are too careful, you are so occupied in being careful that you are sure to stumble over something. - Gertrude Stein
Mistakes are a fact of life. It is the response to the error that counts. -  Nikki Giovanni
Don't be afraid to be afraid. - Maurice Chevalier
Imagination is more important than knowledge. - Albert Einstein
The time is always right to do what is right. - Martin Luther King, Jr
You can't turn back the clock. But you can wind it up again. - Bonnie Prudden
Success is falling nine times and getting up ten. - Jon Bon Jovi
You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take. - Wayne Gretzky
You've got to try your luck at least once a day because you could be going around lucky all day and not even know it. - Jimmy Dean
Be like a duck. Calm on the surface but always paddling like the dickens underneath. - Michael Caine
The nice thing about being a celebrity is that when you bore people, they think it's their fault. - Henry Kissinger
Everybody has to be somebody to somebody to be anybody. - Malcolm S. Forbes
People ask me sometimes... When will there be enough women on the court? And my answer is, When there are nine. - Ruth Bader Ginsberg
Anything's possible if you've got have enough nerve. - J.K. Rowling
Thankfully, perseverance is a great substitute for talent. - Steve Martin
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then quit. There's no use being a damn fool about it. - W.C. Fields
You can have it all. You just can't have it all at once. - Oprah Winfrey
Play is often talked about as if it were a relief from serious learning. But for children play is serious learning. Play is really the work of childhood. - Fred Rogers
Age is a high price to pay for maturity. - Tom Stoppard
By the time you're 80 years old you've learned everything. You only have to remember it. - George Burns
After 30, a body has a mind of its own. - Bette Midler
I wish I could tell you it gets better, but it doesn't get better. You get better. - Joan Rivers
One of the best parts of growing older? You can flirt all you like since you've become harmless. - Liz Smith
Each generation imagines itself to be more intelligent than the one that went before it and wiser than the one that comes after it. - George Orwell
The secret of staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly, and lie about your age. - Lucille Ball
